Fix query for find and match. (#15)
digitalbazaar/bedrock-web-vc-store: CHANGELOG.md

# bedrock-web-vc-store ChangeLog

> ## 4.0.0 - 2021-05-13

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4.0.0 - TBD
```

### Changed

> - **BREAKING**: Updates `find` params to now only accept `query`.
> - Updates `find` and `match` to now handle an array of `types`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: Updates `find` API params to only accept `query`.
- Updates `find` and `match` APIs to handle an array of `types`.
```
